doc: release 3.6: no CACHE_MANAGEMENT by default on stm32h7/f7 (#75876)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-3.6.rst

  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_HEAP_MEM_POOL_IGNORE_MIN` option has been introduced (which defaults
  being disabled).

> * STM32H7 and STM32F7 can activate the cache (Icache and Dcache) by setting explicitly
>   the  ``CONFIG_CACHE_MANAGEMENT`` to ``y``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* STM32H7 and STM32F7 should now activate the cache (Icache and Dcache) by setting explicitly
  the  ``CONFIG_CACHE_MANAGEMENT`` to ``y``.
```

Author: done
